Modify rule S3871: Remove Java, add VB.NET (#1375)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3871/csharp/rule.adoc

The point of having custom exception types is to convey more information than is available in standard types. But custom exception types must be `public` for that to work.

> If a method throws a non-public exception, the best you can do on the caller's side is to `catch` the closest `public` base of the class. That is, you lose all that custom information you created the exception type to pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a method throws a non-public exception, the best you can do on the caller's side is to `catch` the closest `public` base of the class. However, you lose all that custom information the exception type passes.
```

Author: The whole sentence is a bit weird. I tried to rephrase it
